feat(Makefile): generate Makefile and compare to make (#441)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-python: docs/comparison.rst

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

.. _comparison:

How does this compare ...
=========================

There are many tools that can be used for doing your day-to-day work. Renku
is not **a silver bullet** or **a magic wand** for making your results
reproducible.

... to ``Makefile``
-------------------

If you are using ``Makefile`` to generate your :term:`outputs` you are on
good path. However you might be missing versioning of your past executions.

Renku internally builds rules similarly as defined in ``Makefile`` and it
makes sure that all files are saved before running a :term:`tool`.

Running following ``renku run`` commands

.. code-block:: console

   $ renku run echo test > foo
   $ renku run wc -c < foo > foo.wc

is equivalent to this simple ``Makefile``.

.. code-block:: Makefile

   foo:
     @echo test > foo

   foo.wc: foo
     @wc -c < foo > foo.wc

> Renku also makes sure that if any of the :term:`inputs` is modified only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku also makes sure that if any of the :term:`inputs` are modified only
```

> the necessary "rules" are invoked. Make also does not run the rule if all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the necessary "rules" are invoked. In addition, `make` does not run the rule if all
```

> dependencies are older then targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies are older then the targets.
```
